[THEME MUSIC]
>>GEORGE NOORY: Welcome
to "Beyond Belief."
Over the course of her
career, Dr. Toni Galardi
has worn 11
professional hats, all
as an offspring of her
original clinical training
as a Jungian-based
psychotherapist.
Now this led to her developing
courses, books, coaching,
all devoted to helping people
find their soul's next purpose.
Toni, that's remarkable.
Welcome to the program.
>>TONI GALARDI: Thank you
for having me, George.
It's wonderful to be here.
>>NOORY: And you don't stop.
What are you working on now?
>>GALARDI: A new book.
>>NOORY: What's it called?
>>GALARDI: "The
Lifequake Miracle--
Awakening to Your True Purpose
in Times of Personal and Global
Upheaval."
>>NOORY: And there is a lot
of personal global upheaval
these days isn't there?
>>GALARDI: Yeah.
That title was actually
created last year
because I knew it was
coming astrologically.
>>NOORY: You felt it?
>>GALARDI: Oh, I could see it--
the lineup.
Yeah.
>>NOORY: It's been a tough time
for a lot of people hasn't it?
>>GALARDI: Yeah.
I've been trying to warn people
for years this was coming.
>>NOORY: Is it easy or
difficult to reach people
when you're trying to
get them into this mode?
>>GALARDI: Most people
are afraid of change.
>>NOORY: Sure.
>>GALARDI: So that's
why I developed this--
30 years ago, I looked
at how to help people
through what I call lifequakes.
And that title
came to me while I
was in meditation because I was
going through my own lifequake.
And I had gone through
three different near fatal
experiences.
All that I could see were due
to my not seeing the signs.
It was time to make a change.
And so I looked at what is it.
Why do we fear change?
And what I came up
with both with myself
and most of the people
I've worked with and taught
is change for most
people equals loss.
That's how they translate it.
>>NOORY: When we talk about
you have worn 11 professional
hats--
>>GALARDI: Yeah.
>>NOORY: What are
we talking about?
>>GALARDI: Well, I started out
as a licensed psychotherapist.
I have a PhD in psychology.
And then I went through
this massive awakening
in my spirituality.
I had been trained neo-Freudian
and had been raised
in a Catholic Italian family.
My father was an immigrant.
And I went through this--
I went through three
near-death experiences
and realized something
needed to change in my life.
And so I stopped practicing,
and I became a talk show host.
>>NOORY: Just stopped?
>>GALARDI: I sold my
practice, left my marriage.
There was a number--
>>NOORY: You went through
all kinds of changes.
>>GALARDI: Yeah.
Sold my home and went
into a quiet meditative
period of my life.
>>NOORY: For how long?
>>GALARDI: The beginning
of it was about a year.
I just took a room in
someone's house in Los Angeles,
moved from Orange County to
LA and would go and do my show
because I was interview--
I was fascinated
by how do people
move from doing one thing
that was secure to something
else brand new.
And so I started
interviewing pioneers,
people who had left
behind secure jobs
to create something brand new.
And I was fascinated by this.
And while I was
doing the talk show,
I was just spending the rest
of the time in quiet meditation
until the seven stage
model came literally
through my meditation, called
the lifequake repurposing
method.
>>NOORY: Were you
interviewing these people,
Toni, for yourself or for them?
>>GALARDI: I think
initially it was
for me to get inspiration
because I didn't know
what I was going to do next.
I knew that people had
told me I was telegenic.
I was-- looked
great on television,
but what I really cared about
was teaching and coaching
and reaching people.
And so I stopped practicing
because I-- the only model
I knew was the long-term
therapy model for helping
people move through change.
>>NOORY: Now in addition to all
of this, you're an astrologer.
>>GALARDI: Yeah.
>>NOORY: How did that happen?
>>GALARDI: In a very
weird way, George.
I was at a party,
and someone said, oh,
did you know that the best kept
secret in corporate America
and politics is they all have
an astrologer on retainer.
>>NOORY: They do.
That's true.
>>GALARDI: And I said really?
I thought that was
so fascinating.
I thought this would
be an amazing show.
Why don't I have this guy, a
guy who's done this on the show.
So through friends I found
this guy Steven Levine,
and he said I'll do your
show on one condition,
if you do-- let me do your chart
I said fine.
I've never had an
astrology chart done.
And he started telling me
things that you would never
know from looking at me on
camera because I look like--
>>NOORY: But only
you would know.
>>GALARDI: Only I would know.
Told me I was
really an introvert
because I look like such
an extrovert on camera
and which is absolutely true.
He told me I was
going to write books.
He told me I was going
to be a pioneer myself
in the field of something.
He didn't know what it was then.
>>NOORY: And did
you accept that?
>>GALARDI: I started--
>>NOORY: Or did it
sound way out there?
>>GALARDI: At the
time, I was dubious.
I was not one of those people
who had made charts by hand
and gone through.
I came into astrology when there
were already software programs.
But the first time I sat down
and actually put someone--
someone gave me a software
program for astrology.
It was like a natural for me.
I just came to it naturally.
Years later, I went and had a--
after I started--
what I did was I just
started working with
clients slowly because I
had learned about shamanism.
I had been going through
this massive restructuring.
>>NOORY: God, you went through
a metamorphosis didn't you?
>>GALARDI: Total metamorphosis.
And went to Peru
trained as a shaman.
Went through a massive
shamanic initiation, which
means total ego purification.
Everything was stripped away in
my life, my health, everything.
And astrology started
giving me answers.
I started learning about how to
help myself on a health level
through medical astrology.
Relationship astrology
helped me with relationships
and helping other people.
So it had all these answers.
And then I went to see a Vedic
astrologer because I thought,
well, maybe a Vedic astrologer--
because they come from India--
would have a different take
on my chart because it was--
I was going through so
much change and loss.
And he said you were
born to be an astrologer.
He said-- when I
looked at your chart--
and this guy had
advised the Maharishi.
He said when I
looked at your chart
I said why is she seeing me.
She's a bona fide astrologer.
And then he said
something that was like--
to me like gold.
He said you are here to burn
all your karma because you
will experience
enlightenment before you die.
And it was like that was--
that's all I cared about.
>>NOORY: That's it.
That was the message.
Toni, astrologer Monte
Farber on "Open Minds"
talked about the different
types of astrology.
Let's take a look.
>>MONTE FARBER: I do not
believe in living your life
by astrology or anything because
I'm a big free will person.
Once again--
>>REGINA MEREDITH:
But it can give you
just certain potentials and
attributes that you can likely
use or choose or not choose.
>>FARBER: Like what you were
saying about electricity
yesterday.
It shows you the potentials
of where you're flowing.
But you can't look
at someone's chart
and say this person is a genius
or this person is unfortunately
in a mental institution.
I don't understand
how you can tell
from astrology what
level someone's operating
their chart on.
I'm not that good.
I don't think
anyone is that good.
>>MEREDITH: Well and
also you just talked
about reconciling
these various factors.
Now we have to reconcile also
that there's Vedic astrology.
Now Vedic astrology shifts
the chart to the extent that
you're almost an entire
sign behind what you're--
>>FARBER: Because they
use the constellations.
>>MEREDITH: Yeah, Western
astrology says and some people
love Vedic astrology.
Some people love Western.
Then you have Chinese--
the Chinese astrology--
the Chinese horoscope.
And that's different as well.
So you have chosen
Western astrology why?
>>FARBER: It's what I learned
at first, and it seems to work.
And I don't want to
mess up my brain.
It's why I stay
away from numerology
because there are versions
of the numbers are
different from what
astrology teaches.
I have friends who
are numerologists
who do very accurate stuff.
I think once again coming
back to the Sabbath being
made for man, not
man for the Sabbath,
I feel that it's in us.
The magic is in us.
The magic's not
in the magic wand.
My cards are just not the--
>>MEREDITH: These are
little guide stones,
but your intuition is innate.
>>FARBER: Exactly.
>>NOORY: What do you
think of that, Toni?
>>GALARDI: So couple of things.
I believe that by using
astrology and numerology,
I see the soul contract.
I see the repetitive themes.
The numerology and--
I over and over
again see that there's
a theme, and that's
why I call it a soul
blueprint reading.
I also believe that intuition
is what you bring to it.
So that's what allows
you to look at a chart--
like I have five planets
in the house of the mystic.
It's also the house of prisons.
So--
>>NOORY: You're trapped right?
>>GALARDI: So you either
are a person who's
meant to surrender to the
divine and be guided and led
as a mystic, or you're
a person who ends up
doing some nefarious things
and ends up in prison
that keeps you in retreat.
Because there have
been people who've
gone through major
transformations in prison.
>>NOORY: It's either or.
>>GALARDI: It's pretty extreme.
>>NOORY: I've got a huge
prisoner listenership
to our radio show.
>>GALARDI: Do you?
>>NOORY: And I get
letters from prisoners,
and they go through
a transformation.
They really do.
>>GALARDI: They can.
Absolutely.
>>NOORY: Pretty dramatic.
What is medical astrology?
>>GALARDI: So it's--
I've had doctors who couldn't
figure out certain patients
consult me because
when I first got sick,
I had the kind of illness that
nobody could quite figure out.
And it was a virus,
a chronic virus,
so I've been studying
viruses for many years.
So medical astrology
looks at a chart
and sees where the
physical weaknesses
are you come in with.
So there are-- so
whenever I do any reading,
I will always give
someone here's
where you need to strengthen.
Like somebody who's a
Capricorn, for example,
needs actually more magnesium
and calcium and vitamin D
than your average bear.
>>NOORY: Interesting.
>>GALARDI: Someone who's a
Gemini needs to pay attention
to their nervous system.
They need to really
make sure they're
nourishing their nervous system
because they're very mental.
>>NOORY: That's interesting
that you take that approach.
Do you still practice
psychotherapy?
>>GALARDI: It's combined.
It's-- I have that
toolbox when I'm doing--
when I'm working with
someone in career coaching.
But my specific
passion is helping
people master the
fear of change,
find what they're here
to do, and then become
an agent of change in the world.
I'm committed to that.
>>NOORY: How many people, Toni,
are just literally screwed up?
[CHUCKLING]
>>GALARDI: I don't see
it that way, George.
>>NOORY: You don't.
>>GALARDI: I don't.
I think that--
>>NOORY: I'm blunt.
>>GALARDI: People come
in with karmic blockages,
and there are people who go
from extreme poverty, no father,
whatever.
Like a Steve Harvey I was
talking to the limousine driver
about him--
came from nothing, lived
in his car for three years.
>>NOORY: I know.
Dramatic.
>>GALARDI: To become a comedian.
So--
>>NOORY: And look at him now.
>>GALARDI: Yeah, you can
transcend what you were given.
There's no question.
And you can come from
damaged childhoods--
having worked with people who've
come from damaged childhoods
and helped them--
addicts and whatever-- I don't
work with chronic illnesses
anymore, but I have
the training in order
to know who to refer people to.
>>NOORY: This term that
you've coined, lifequakes--
>>GALARDI: Yeah.
>>NOORY: Ties into
earthquakes I guess right?
>>GALARDI: Well, the way
that I see it is that it's--
because I practice
evolutionary astrology,
it's not faith based.
It's about helping
the person evolve.
So what I-- when
lifequake came to me,
it was about taking
these things called
crisis-driven transitions
and seeing them as a rebirth.
Barbara Marx Hubbard
was the very first guest
I had on my show and my
first spiritual mentor.
And one of the
things she said was
that when-- she had five
children before she found
her calling, before
she became one
of the pioneers of the
human potential movement.
>>NOORY: Really?
OK.
>>GALARDI: Yeah.
So-- and she became
involved with Jonas Salk,
and that led to her
leaving her marriage.
But she said when she had a
child, when she was in labor--
I never forgot this--
she said if I didn't know--
she said to the doctor--
if I didn't know I
was having a baby,
I would have
thought I was dying.
And that's what happens when
you go through a lifequake.
It-- your whole
life gets shaken up.
It could come through a divorce.
It can come through
losing your job.
It can come through an illness.
But with a roadmap,
which is what I have,
is a seven stage roadmap of
what to do at the body, mind,
and spirit in each stage of
this process of lifequake.
And so with people
having a map, it
allows them to feel
more secure that there's
a structure for
them when they're
in the unknown, when they
don't know what's next,
when they've lost everything.
>>NOORY: How many lifequakes
can people handle?
>>GALARDI: Several
in a lifetime.
>>NOORY: In a lifetime.
>>GALARDI: Several.
It's how you do it.
I don't do lifequakes
the way I used to.
>>NOORY: What does that mean?
>>GALARDI: It means
that I used to go
through near fatal experiences
before I made changes.
The very first job
that I had on Skid Row,
I got a feeling in my gut we
needed to get a security guard.
I told my boss, and
he didn't listen.
And a guy got through
screening, he was high on PCP,
and he tried to strangle me
to death in the workplace.
>>NOORY: You've
been through a lot.
>>GALARDI: But I didn't
listen to my gut that
was saying leave
the job because I
didn't want to depend on my then
fiance who became my husband.
So that was the first
near fatal experience
that I didn't listen to my gut.
The second was my
marriage, and I
was in three car accidents
in a six-day period.
>>NOORY: Three car accidents?
>>GALARDI: And the
third accident, I
wasn't even driving.
I was in the backseat.
Each time we were
pushed from behind.
So I've written about
how car accidents are
symbolic of the kind of
change you need to be making.
I was being told move on.
Move on.
And I felt I had
made this commitment.
I was raised a Catholic.
You make a vow.
You keep a vow.
And I was trying to
stay in my marriage.
And that's when it was
like the game changer.
And I went to a conference,
a transpersonal conference,
walked into a workshop, and
walked out a different person.
>>NOORY: Why don't
we listen to our gut?
Some people?
>>GALARDI: Because if you have
especially-- there are people--
I interviewed
people for this book
because I have 15 thought
influencers plus hundreds
of interviews from
clients and whatnot
before I wrote this book.
And what I found
over and over again
is people are afraid of
change because they fear loss.
Their first chakra, as we
look at the etheric body,
may be damaged through
having experienced
tremendous loss as a child.
My father was a gambler.
He was an engineer by day, an
Italian raised in Brooklyn,
and this is what they did.
So security was a
big issue for me
because our economics
would go up and down.
So that's true for
a lot of people.
I interviewed Martin Rutte.
He didn't go
through any of that.
He wrote "Project Heaven
on Earth," which I think--
he's going to become the Nobel
Peace winner in a few years.
He didn't have to go
through a lifequake
in a dramatic
horrific kind of way.
He decided he
didn't want to be--
it wasn't fun anymore for him
being a corporate consultant.
So he went into retreat,
went away for six months,
took the financial loss,
went to-- he's Jewish--
went to an Augustinian
monastery, went into retreat--
>>NOORY: God, he
changed everything--
>>GALARDI: And was
told in his meditation
that you need to bring
God into the workplace.
And so he did this thing that
nobody was doing in 1989.
He started talking about
God in the workplace.
He called it beingness
in the workplace.
>>NOORY: Toni, why do people
make these evolutionary changes
in their life?
Pretty dramatic as
you've been pointing out.
Why do they do this?
>>GALARDI: Because we're part
of a collective energy that
is going through a massive
spiritual transition.
That's why.
That's why I took--
I modeled this from the
micro to the individual
to the macro, which is we're
in a global lifequake as well.
>>NOORY: In
astrology, astrologers
use planetary alignments quite a
bit to tell us about ourselves.
>>GALARDI: That's right.
>>NOORY: Why do these planets
have so much to do with who
we are and what we are?
>>GALARDI: Because there are--
we are a part of a galaxy.
And so we are at the effect
of planetary energies
every single day.
So based on what
the degrees are--
it's very mathematical
in astrology.
When you look at a
chart, you can predict--
and that's what I was-- why I
became passionate about using
it as one of the tools
for change management--
>>NOORY: It was a good idea.
>>GALARDI: Because I saw
that I could help people
prepare where they didn't
have to get hit over the head
that they could start
to see the signs.
There are two stages
of my model that
are before the crisis
hits if you pay attention.
>>NOORY: Well, I was
going to just say
do people listen to you?
>>GALARDI: When
they come to me--
if they come to me.
Most of the time, they come to
me when their hair is on fire.
>>NOORY: That's a big
stage for them isn't it?
By that time?
>>GALARDI: Right.
>>NOORY: Are they panicking?
>>GALARDI: Typically.
But I have helped people.
I've prepared them.
There are people who
have come to me just
for a reading in which I've
said in about six months there's
going to be massive change.
Start rearranging your world.
Start saving your money.
Start reorganizing your work.
One month before everything
shut down in March,
a woman came to me who
owns airport parking lots--
before everything shut down.
She was miserable.
Owned-- was sitting on
properties were $30 million
but was miserable and said I
really want to be an artist.
Then things started-- we had
this panic and a pandemic that
started happening.
And she went from 150 cars
in a parking lot to five.
>>NOORY: Overnight.
>>GALARDI: Overnight
because airports, of course.
>>NOORY: Nobody's driving.
>>GALARDI: Right.
And then we had to
start working on--
but she still didn't
want to let go.
She was offered a certain
amount of money for the parking
and her partner said,
no, let's just wait.
And so I said to her
sell this summer.
>>NOORY: Get out.
>>GALARDI: Sell this summer.
And so this week that's
what she's doing.
>>NOORY: And she did well?
And she can become
an artist now--
>>GALARDI: That's right.
>>NOORY: And be
fine-- and be happy.
>>GALARDI: And be happy.
Yeah.
>>NOORY: How come there are
so many miserable people
out there, though, Toni?
>>GALARDI: Because they don't
know another way, George.
That's all.
When you are aligned
with your purpose, when
you are living your
purpose, you are
passionate and
joyous and healthy.
>>NOORY: And we see this
time and time again don't we?
>>GALARDI: It's an inside job.
>>NOORY: But you can
teach people to be happy?
>>GALARDI: Absolutely.
But in my version of it,
my corner of that world
is about helping people
find their soul's purpose.
>>NOORY: You had
mentioned earlier charts.
>>GALARDI: Yeah.
>>NOORY: The astrologer
Heather Arielle talked with me
about these event charts.
You also looked at the chart of
that disaster in the Ukraine.
>>HEATHER ARIELLE: Right.
The Ukraine-- the Ukraine-
>>NOORY: Train that went--
plane that went down.
>>ARIELLE: The
Ukraine air disaster,
I study accident
charts a lot, and this
is called an event chart.
So any time something like that
happens, it's an event chart,
and you put it together.
Now in a flight chart,
Uranus rules flight,
so you always want
to look at Uranus
and make sure you want to
have nice harmonious aspects.
Mars is critical in
any accident chart.
Mars is violence.
And then Uranus,
that's explosive.
So Mars and Uranus working
together because Uranus
rules technology, you have the
energy to successfully maneuver
the technology.
In hard aspects, it's the
classic accident aspect,
and it can have explosions.
Now there's a lot going
on in this accident chart,
and it's also you have to say,
well, in the sky that day,
there are a lot of planes
that took off that day.
>>NOORY: Every day.
>>ARIELLE: Yes, every day.
And the day that this
accident happened,
there were lots of
planes that took off,
and every plane that took off
this day had an afflicted Mars.
Mars was incredibly afflicted.
It was opposing Uranus--
>>NOORY: Could have
happened to any of them?
>>ARIELLE: It was--
well, I'll tell you
why it happened to this one.
It could-- it does create
more incendiary-- in general,
it does create a
higher potential,
but it is activated
by the specific time
because it depends on the
houses, where they are.
So in this case and Mars
were square in the sun,
what happened is
that Mars ended up
at the top of the chart,
the most public place,
conjunct a prenatal
eclipse and a north node,
and the north node is the
destiny of the flight.
You don't want the
destiny of your flight
to be public because
that means something's
going to happen to it, that
it's going to be in the news.
Mars was square in the sun
the health of the flight
in the house of death.
Opposing Uranus in
the fourth house
is very significant
in accident charts
because that represents
the end of the matter.
>>NOORY: And what
did you look at?
The flight number?
How do you pick that plane?
>>ARIELLE: Oh!
No, well, you have to go--
you have to go-- you have
to make a chart of the time
that they took off because
the time that they took off
sets everything into motion.
>>NOORY: But you have to
have that specific flight?
>>ARIELLE: Oh, you have
to have that specific--
it was 6:15 PM when they were
sched-- when they actually
took off.
And that was-- and
the moon was in Aries.
Mars was very active,
Moon and Aries
because Mars rules Aries,
applying to Uranus,
and so it was explosive
qualities all over the chart.
And because of the
timing, they all
ended up on the wrong angles.
And so that's why
it was this time.
Even though other flights--
because if they're
in other houses, that
could just mean, oh,
there could have been an
altercation on a flight,
or that could have been
a day when there was
a lot of turbulence and that
there could have been there
could have-- it would have been
represented on all the flights,
but not as in a
catastrophic explosion.
That is because of the
timing and the angles.
>>NOORY: Now she was using a
lot of astrological jargon.
Do you understand
what she was saying?
>>GALARDI: So Mars-Uranus
conjunctions try and--
they've studied this
with earthquakes.
That is the most common aspect
when Mars and Uranus come
together for earthquakes, and
it doesn't even matter rather.
It's trines, sextiles,
squares or oppositions.
The-- what I would add to that
as it applies to something like
this is the destiny of the
people on that particular plane
versus people who were
on a different plane--
>>NOORY: Individual?
>>GALARDI: On that day.
Yeah.
On that day.
>>NOORY: If you were to do
charts on all those individuals
that were on that
fatal plane crash,
would you have
seen something bad?
>>GALARDI: I think enough
people who had certain afflicted
aspects to their chart--
because what we do know is that,
for example, with 9/11, 20%--
often 20% of a
plane on the day--
when a flight goes
down, 20% of people
have opted not to
take a flight, changed
their mind at the last minute.
>>NOORY: For some
reason, they sense
happened with highly unusual.
>>GALARDI: That's what
happened with United--
Yeah, with the United 93, 20%
of people change their mind.
>>NOORY: They don't know why.
It's a gut.
>>GALARDI: Their gut.
>>NOORY: They don't
wake up in the morning,
go I think this
plane's going down
or something's going to happen.
They just feel uneasy
I guess don't they.
>>GALARDI: And they know also
that that's not their destiny.
>>NOORY: It's amazing
how these alignments
have something to do with
what's happening in our lives.
>>GALARDI: So what
I like to study
besides the personal
on the macro level
because it affects the
whole world, not just
one group of people,
is our eclipses.
When we look at eclipses--
>>NOORY: Solar and lunar?
>>GALARDI: Solar and lunar.
When we look at the natal
positions of eclipses,
for example, Prince William
was born under a solar eclipse,
and what is-- he's
already taking
on mental health in England.
He's going to be
an incredible king.
People born on lunar eclipses,
if they achieve fame--
and we do see this often that
there's leaders great leaders
are born on eclipses--
>>NOORY: Should everybody
get an astrological chart
done on themselves?
>>GALARDI: If they feel
that intuitively it
can help, especially in
a time of transition.
If you're feeling lost,
if you're feeling--
or you're having a
health crisis or you keep
having relationship
problems and you're
choosing the wrong kind--
I've helped people find the
right mate through astrology.
>>NOORY: Really!
>>GALARDI: Yeah.
Yeah.
>>NOORY: I've got a guest
who appears on my radio show
quite often.
She's a numerologist,
Glynis McCants.
She found her husband
through numerology.
Just rejected like 20 of them,
got one that looked good,
and they're still married.
They seem to be happy.
>>GALARDI: I
personally just find
what astrology and
numerology gives
me is helping guiding
people through lifequakes.
It gives them how long.
There's someone who
for quite recently
decided he would take
the term lifequakes
and make it his own around
crisis-driven transitions,
and he said on all
the major talk shows
that this caught-- that these
lifequakes last five years.
That's ludicrous.
>>NOORY: Right.
Right.
>>GALARDI: First of
all, he's a journalist.
He's not an astrologer
or a psychotherapist,
but he said everyone
is going to--
that's just not true.
Some people take a year.
Some people take five years.
There have been people
who, because they're
afraid of change, will stay
in a lifequake for 10 years.
It's all individual that you see
through someone's natal chart
and their desire for
change that they really
want to change their life.
>>NOORY: Astrologer and
psychotherapist Sandra Leigh
appeared with me on
one of our programs.
She talks about astrology.
>>SANDRA LEIGH:
Someone is a seeker,
and they have a little
bit of awareness.
They can see.
Like I get women who choose
the same type of relationship
that is very bad for them.
But if they have the awareness
of why they're choosing it,
so that's where your
psychology comes in.
Why are you choosing
someone like that?
Then they're better able
once they have the knowledge
to make a better decision and
to recognize their patterns.
>>NOORY: But they can't
alter their future?
>>LEIGH: I believe you
can alter your future,
but I have to be honest.
Very few people do.
I think you need to meditate.
I think you need to do
spiritual disciplines.
I think there's things
that would help you make
better choices in your life.
I really do.
And also, again, the
awareness, the knowledge,
and the information is going to
help you make better choices.
>>NOORY: Well, when you say very
few people change their future,
is it because they
don't know how,
or they just don't want to?
>>LEIGH: Well, the consciousness
isn't raised enough.
I feel they're not--
they don't have that
within them to see
where they're making
mistakes or where
some-- they don't see the
consequences necessarily
of their actions.
And I think it's harder, George,
when you're younger because I
don't think you care as much.
You have that kind of
devil may care attitude
most people when they're young.
I think wisdom comes
in for a lot of people
when they're older.
>>NOORY: Sandra, how do you
really change your destiny?
Whether you look at an
astrological chart or not,
how do people step in and say
I'm going to change my future?
How do they do that?
>>LEIGH: Well, I
think a lot of it
is people are very determined
and they don't give up.
They don't recognize
failure in their life.
They just keep going.
But you have to
understand, there
is a destiny aspect to it.
It's like a dog on a chain--
on a leash.
And within that realm, the dog
does have free will, how far
he or she can move within that.
But they're limited.
It's like you take
these prodigies.
So let's say Elton
John was playing
the piano when he was four years
old, but I wasn't doing that.
So I don't have the
innate talent to do that.
That's part of destiny about
where your talents are.
So if you want to change
it, you have to work at it.
You gotta say, well, I don't
want to be that person.
And I really believe
you can change it,
but not enough people
apply themselves.
I don't-- I think that if you
work at something long enough,
you can get very good at it,
but as you know there's a lot
of talented people in our world.
You watch some of these shows
that put amateur singers on
and they're incredibly talented
but they're not famous.
So what's the difference?
The difference is the
astrological chart.
The difference is their destiny
at this point and also the fact
that they see
themselves that way.
So a lot of very famous people
when they were very young
really knew inside
that they were
going to be famous because
they knew they were going
to be a star in some ways.
>>NOORY: Does that chart
really change your life
that much, your
career, your path?
>>GALARDI: I think that
what I-- where I disagree--
because this is
several years old--
is that where there's a
spiritual quickening taking
place on the planet, so
more people are waking up.
So what used to be just karma
that we saw in a natal chart,
that people were
destined to, is changing
by virtue of the entire
collective consciousness
changing.
What she said about young people
is actually not true anymore.
The "New York Times," the "LA
Times," and the "New Yorker"
have done articles on the
Millennials' new religion,
astrology.
So they are really--
the young people are
turning to astrology.
They see that it can be
a guiding force for them.
>>NOORY: With astrology,
people do a lot of it
for their own health
purposes, too.
>>GALARDI: Yes.
>>NOORY: Can astrology tell
you whether you're sick or not?
>>GALARDI: It can help to
diagnose what the illness is.
It can show you--
>>NOORY: What it might be?
>>GALARDI: Yeah,
for example, when
there are Neptune
transits happening,
it can be misdiagnosed.
It can be very
unclear for the doctor
as to what exactly is going on.
And so what astrology
can do is it can actually
point to something
going on, for example,
in the immune system,
that that's what's driving
it is the immune system.
So what we have to do is
strengthen the immune system,
and then the symptoms
will go away.
And that's what happened
with me actually.
No one could help me.
And that's what happened when
I became in-- my house became
infected with mold.
That was my third near fatal
experience was I was dying.
I didn't know why.
No one knew.
I went from doctor to doctor.
Nobody knew how to help me.
And I saw the transit
was happening,
and I thought
Neptune, there's got
to be something to do
with water, something
to do with water.
And so I said to
my acupuncturist
I've been noticing
these little gray spots
in my linoleum in
my kitchen, and she
said I think it's geopathic.
I called out an
environmental consultant.
He punched the walls.
He said, honey,
this is black mold.
He said--
>>NOORY: Wow.
Dangerous.
>>GALARDI: Stachybotrys
chartarum, this
is the deadliest
mold on the planet.
He said you have
to get out of here.
>>NOORY: Has astrology
changed your life, Toni?
>>GALARDI: Oh,
it's saved my life.
Let's put it that way.
>>NOORY: If you weren't a
practitioner of astrology,
would you have still
stumbled into it somehow?
>>GALARDI: I think
it was my destiny.
If you had said that to me at
20, I would have said no way.
>>NOORY: No way.
>>GALARDI: No way.
And I studied charts for
years just when I went back
into practice 'cause I was
using shamanism to clear
people's emotional blockage--
>>NOORY: Anyway right.
>>GALARDI: Already.
So I just started just
looking at charts.
I would ask my clients
for their birth date
and if they had
the time of birth,
and I just wanted to see
if there was real data.
So I collected enough
empirical information
before I was a believer.
>>NOORY: And can you say now
that beyond a shadow of a doubt
astrology can change
somebody's life?
>>GALARDI: Without a doubt.
Yeah.
But it's not just knowing.
You can give someone a
reading as to what's going on
or where their talents
lie and guide them
into something that they
should be doing, for example.
But where the other
piece of my work,
which is the lifequake
repurposing model comes in,
is giving them the
tools step by step
based on what stage of
their lifequake they're in,
and that helps the individual
along with the astrology chart
to structure how
to move forward.
>>NOORY: Why can't they
do this on their own?
Why do they need help?
>>GALARDI: Most
people's intuition
is pretty blocked
because we live
in a very analytical society.
If you're highly intuitive, you
don't need astrology actually.
>>NOORY: Toni, Thanks for
being on "Beyond Belief.
>>GALARDI: Thanks for
having me, George.
It's been really fun to be here.
>>NOORY: I learned a
lot about astrology.
And it can really
change your life.
Thanks for watching
"Beyond Belief."
[THEME MUSIC]